Barclays Online Banking
How to register
to register for Online Banking,
start by clicking on ‘Register’.
Next, scroll down, and read
the important information carefully.
Then, click ‘Start’.
Type in your surname
as it appears on your account,
your date of birth,
your postcode
and your Email address twice.
Select this box if you do not want Barclays
to contact you about products or services.
Then select the type of account you have,
enter the details
and then click ‘Next’.
If you haven't previously registered
for Online Banking,
you'll be taken to a confirmation screen
where you can scroll down to check
your details are correct.
If you're happy,
click on ‘Confirm’.
And that's it,
you're now registered for Online Banking.
You'll be able to log in as soon as you
receive your passcode,
which should arrive at your home
address within 5 working days.
Scroll down and if you wish,
you can select this box so your membership
number is remembered,
which will speed up logging
into Online Banking in the future.
And there you are, you’re all set up.
You can now click ‘Back to Homepage’
to return to the Barclays homepage.